Requirements

● Functionality
○ Provide factual information about medications available in the pharmacy.
○ Explain how and when to take these medications.
○ Answer questions such as “What is this medication used for?”
● Prohibited Actions
○ Do not provide medical advice or opinions about a customerʼs choice of
medication. Do not encourage purchase or use of any specific drug.
○ Do not diagnose conditions or suggest alternative treatments.
○ Do not use AI tools to substitute professional medical judgment.
● Handling Advice Requests
○ If a user asks for advice on symptoms or treatment options, direct them to a
healthcare professional or provide general resources (e.g., contact a doctor).

● Communication
○ The agent will interact with customers via voice. Ensure responses are clear, concise,
and respectful.

---

Include a brief explanation of your prompt’s structure, addressing the following:
● How the prompt is designed to handle testing conversations conducted in English.
● The ways in which your guidelines ensure clarity and consistency throughout the interaction.
● How the prompt supports a friendly, helpful, and customer-focused experience.
● How the assistant maintains clear boundaries - staying on-topic and smoothly handing off to a
human representative when appropriate.

---

The prompt is structured in a pretty standard format: we tell the agent who he is, an overview of what his role is and then a list of more specific guidelines. For each guideline, we specify what not to do and a course of action to take instead.
We use few shot prompting: we provide the model with a handful of examples of short conversations to help the LLM recognize some of the scenarios defined in the guidelines and adhere to the required behaviour.
I used markdown in the prompt to help convey the hierarchy of the information given to the LLM.
Since the example targets an interaction through a simple chat interface (like ChatGPT) the hand-off is "fake": there's no human in the loop, nor other agents with a prompt and drug informations in other languages. 
In a real system we might use structured outputs to let the agent express his desire to involve another agent or a human in the conversation, and the framework would route the current conversation to the designated individual. Also, in a real system we'd probably have to check whether a human is readily available or whether there is a wait time involved, in which case we might suggest the user to create a ticket to receive an async response ASAP.
It's important that the conversation stays on topic: we're building a chatbot with a specific function, not a general purpose one. In a real scenario we'd probably monitor whether the user keeps trying to derail the conversation, and if that happens enough turns in a row we could just end the conversation. 
